Title: The Gorge
Tagline: The world's most dangerous secret lies between them.
Overview: Two highly trained operatives grow close from a distance after being sent to guard opposite sides of a mysterious gorge. When an evil below emerges, they must work together to survive what lies within.

Title: Flight Risk
Tagline: Y'all need a pilot?
Overview: A U.S. Marshal escorts a government witness to trial after he's accused of getting involved with a mob boss, only to discover that the pilot who is transporting them is also a hitman sent to assassinate the informant. After they subdue him, they're forced to fly together after discovering that there are others attempting to eliminate them.

Title: Mufasa: The Lion King
Tagline: The story of an orphan who would be king.
Overview: Mufasa, a cub lost and alone, meets a sympathetic lion named Taka, the heir to a royal bloodline. The chance meeting sets in motion an expansive journey of a group of misfits searching for their destiny.

Title: Sonic the Hedgehog 3
Tagline: New adventure. New rival.
Overview: Sonic, Knuckles, and Tails reunite against a powerful new adversary, Shadow, a mysterious villain with powers unlike anything they have faced before. With their abilities outmatched in every way, Team Sonic must seek out an unlikely alliance in hopes of stopping Shadow and protecting the planet.

Title: Moana 2
Tagline: The ocean is calling them back.
Overview: After receiving an unexpected call from her wayfinding ancestors, Moana journeys alongside Maui and a new crew to the far seas of Oceania and into dangerous, long-lost waters for an adventure unlike anything she's ever faced.

Title: Amaran
Tagline: There lived a man, who never feigned to be a hero…
Overview: A heroic true story of Major Mukund Varadarajan, an Indian Army officer who displayed extraordinary bravery during a counterterrorism mission in Kashmir’s Shopian district. The film captures his courage in protecting his nation and the devotion of his wife Indhu Rebecaa Varghese.

Title: Captain America: Brave New World
Tagline: The future favors the brave.
Overview: After meeting with newly elected U.S. President Thaddeus Ross, Sam finds himself in the middle of an international incident. He must discover the reason behind a nefarious global plot before the true mastermind has the entire world seeing red.

Title: Companion
Tagline: Find someone made just for you.
Overview: During a weekend getaway at a secluded lakeside estate, a group of friends finds themselves entangled in a web of secrets, deception, and advanced technology. As tensions rise and loyalties are tested, they uncover unsettling truths about themselves and the world around them.

Title: Kraven the Hunter
Tagline: Villains aren't born. They're made.
Overview: Kraven Kravinoff's complex relationship with his ruthless gangster father, Nikolai, starts him down a path of vengeance with brutal consequences, motivating him to become not only the greatest hunter in the world, but also one of its most feared.

Title: Panda Plan
Tagline: 
Overview: International action star Jackie Chan is invited to the adoption ceremony of a rare baby panda, but after an international crime syndicate attempts to kidnap the bear, Jackie has to save the bear using his stunt work skills.

Title: Dog Man
Tagline: Part dog. Part man. All hero.
Overview: When a faithful police dog and his human police officer owner are injured together on the job, a harebrained but life-saving surgery fuses the two of them together and Dog Man is born. Dog Man is sworn to protect and serve—and fetch, sit and roll over. As Dog Man embraces his new identity and strives to impress his Chief, he must stop the pretty evil plots of feline supervillain Petey the Cat.

Title: Venom: The Last Dance
Tagline: 'Til death do they part.
Overview: Eddie and Venom are on the run. Hunted by both of their worlds and with the net closing in, the duo are forced into a devastating decision that will bring the curtains down on Venom and Eddie's last dance.

Title: Gladiator II
Tagline: Prepare to be entertained.
Overview: Years after witnessing the death of the revered hero Maximus at the hands of his uncle, Lucius is forced to enter the Colosseum after his home is conquered by the tyrannical Emperors who now lead Rome with an iron fist. With rage in his heart and the future of the Empire at stake, Lucius must look to his past to find strength and honor to return the glory of Rome to its people.

Title: My Fault: London
Tagline: 
Overview: 18-year-old Noah moves from America to London, with her mother who's recently fallen in love with William, a wealthy British businessman. Noah meets William’s son, bad-boy Nick, and soon discovers there is an attraction between them neither can avoid. As Noah spends the summer adjusting to her new life, her devastating past will catch up with her while falling in love for the first time.

Title: Alarum
Tagline: One hell of a vacation.
Overview: Two married spies caught in the crosshairs of an international intelligence network will stop at nothing to obtain a critical asset. Joe and Lara are agents living off the grid whose quiet retreat at a winter resort is blown to shreds when members of the old guard suspect the two may have joined an elite team of rogue spies, known as Alarum. Watch Here : https://justwatch.pro/movie/1249289/alarum

Title: The Brutalist
Tagline: Welcome to America.
Overview: Escaping post-war Europe, visionary architect László Toth arrives in America to rebuild his life. On his own in a strange new country, a wealthy industrialist recognizes his talent. But power and legacy come at a heavy cost...

Title: Dhoom Dhaam
Tagline: Dulha. Dulhan. Danger.
Overview: On their wedding night, an oddball couple is thrust into a chaotic chase, dodging goons and cops in a frenzied hunt for the mysterious "Charlie."

Title: Death Whisperer 2
Tagline: The haunted, calling voices will be utterly terrifying.
Overview: Three years after his sister's death, Yak relentlessly searches for the dark spirit that killed her in hopes of seeking revenge.

Title: Paddington in Peru
Tagline: A little bear goes a long way.
Overview: Paddington travels to Peru to visit his beloved Aunt Lucy, who now resides at the Home for Retired Bears. With the Brown Family in tow, a thrilling adventure ensues when a mystery plunges them into an unexpected journey through the Amazon rainforest and up to the mountain peaks of Peru.

Title: The Substance
Tagline: Become a better you.
Overview: A fading celebrity decides to use a black market drug, a cell-replicating substance that temporarily creates a younger, better version of herself.

Title: Memoir of a Snail
Tagline: Life can only be understood backwards, but we have to live it forwards.
Overview: Forcibly separated from her twin brother when they are orphaned, a melancholic misfit learns how to find confidence within herself amid the clutter of misfortunes and everyday life.

Title: Anora
Tagline: Love is a hustle.
Overview: A young sex worker from Brooklyn gets her chance at a Cinderella story when she meets and impulsively marries the son of an oligarch. Once the news reaches Russia, her fairytale is threatened as his parents set out to get the marriage annulled.

Title: The Island
Tagline: 
Overview: When his brother is killed, LAPD officer Mark leaves the city to return to the island he grew up on. Seeking answers and ultimately vengeance, he soon finds himself in a bloody battle with the corrupt tycoon who's taken over the island paradise.

Title: Solo Leveling -ReAwakening-
Tagline: 
Overview: Over a decade after 'gates' connecting worlds appeared, awakening 'hunters' with superpowers, weakest hunter Sung Jinwoo encounters a double dungeon and accepts a mysterious quest, becoming the only one able to level up, changing his fate. A catch-up recap of the first season coupled with an exclusive sneak peek of the first two episodes of the highly anticipated second season in one momentous theatrical fan experience.

Title: Flow
Tagline: Share in the beauty of togetherness.
Overview: A solitary cat, displaced by a great flood, finds refuge on a boat with various species and must navigate the challenges of adapting to a transformed world together.

Title: Despicable Me 4
Tagline: Things just got a little more despicable.
Overview: Gru and Lucy and their girls—Margo, Edith and Agnes—welcome a new member to the Gru family, Gru Jr., who is intent on tormenting his dad. Gru also faces a new nemesis in Maxime Le Mal and his femme fatale girlfriend Valentina, forcing the family to go on the run.

Title: Sniper: The Last Stand
Tagline: 
Overview: To stop an arms dealer from unleashing a deadly superweapon, Ace sniper Brandon Beckett and Agent Zero are deployed to Costa Verde to lead a group of elite soldiers against an unrelenting militia. Taking an untested sniper under his wing, Beckett faces his newest challenge: giving orders instead of receiving them. With both time and ammo running low in a race to save humanity, the team must overcome all odds just to survive.

Title: The Wild Robot
Tagline: Discover your true nature.
Overview: After a shipwreck, an intelligent robot called Roz is stranded on an uninhabited island. To survive the harsh environment, Roz bonds with the island's animals and cares for an orphaned baby goose.

Title: Back in Action
Tagline: They're living their best lies.
Overview: Fifteen years after vanishing from the CIA to start a family, elite spies Matt and Emily jump back into the world of espionage when their cover is blown.

Title: Wicked
Tagline: Everyone deserves the chance to fly.
Overview: In the land of Oz, ostracized and misunderstood green-skinned Elphaba is forced to share a room with the popular aristocrat Glinda at Shiz University, and the two's unlikely friendship is tested as they begin to fulfill their respective destinies as Glinda the Good and the Wicked Witch of the West.

Title: Elevation
Tagline: Don't go down without a fight.
Overview: A single father and two women venture from the safety of their homes to face monstrous creatures to save the life of a young boy.

Title: Piglet
Tagline: This pork will chop you up.
Overview: On Kate's 21st birthday camping trip, her friends encounter Piglet, a monstrous human-pig hybrid who brutally murders one of them. They uncover Piglet's origins and Kate must confront her past to survive the relentless killer.

Title: Wolf Man
Tagline: Protect your own.
Overview: With his marriage fraying, Blake persuades his wife Charlotte to take a break from the city and visit his remote childhood home in rural Oregon. As they arrive at the farmhouse in the dead of night, they're attacked by an unseen animal and barricade themselves inside the home as the creature prowls the perimeter. But as the night stretches on, Blake begins to behave strangely, transforming into something unrecognizable.

Title: Inside Out 2
Tagline: Make room for new emotions.
Overview: Teenager Riley's mind headquarters is undergoing a sudden demolition to make room for something entirely unexpected: new Emotions! Joy, Sadness, Anger, Fear and Disgust, who’ve long been running a successful operation by all accounts, aren’t sure how to feel when Anxiety shows up. And it looks like she’s not alone.

Title: Deadpool & Wolverine
Tagline: Come together.
Overview: A listless Wade Wilson toils away in civilian life with his days as the morally flexible mercenary, Deadpool, behind him. But when his homeworld faces an existential threat, Wade must reluctantly suit-up again with an even more reluctant Wolverine.

Title: Nosferatu
Tagline: Succumb to the darkness.
Overview: A gothic tale of obsession between a haunted young woman and the terrifying vampire infatuated with her, causing untold horror in its wake.

Title: Red One
Tagline: The mission to save Christmas is on.
Overview: After Santa Claus (codename: Red One) is kidnapped, the North Pole's Head of Security must team up with the world's most infamous tracker in a globe-trotting, action-packed mission to save Christmas.

Title: My Fault
Tagline: Love can only survive in the shadow of secrets.
Overview: Noah must leave her city, boyfriend, and friends to move into William Leister's mansion, the flashy and wealthy husband of her mother Rafaela. As a proud and independent 17 year old, Noah resists living in a mansion surrounded by luxury. However, it is there where she meets Nick, her new stepbrother, and the clash of their strong personalities becomes evident from the very beginning.

Title: Devara: Part 1
Tagline: When courage turns into a Disease... Fear is the only cure
Overview: Devara, a fearless man from a coastal region, embarks on a perilous journey into the treacherous world of the sea to safeguard the lives of his people. Unbeknownst to him, his brother Bhaira is plotting a conspiracy against him. As events unfold, Devara passes on his legacy to his mild-mannered and timid son, Varada.

Title: The Gardener
Tagline: 
Overview: Every year the Prime Minister has a list of all kinds of troublemakers eliminated in the name of the famous Reason of State. Serge Shuster, Special Adviser to the President of the Republic, finds himself on this list, better known as the Matignon List.  Condemned to certain death and at the heart of an implacable plot and a state secret that also put his family in danger, Serge, his wife and children have only one hope left - their gardener, Léo, who hates it when « slugs » invade his garden... Especially those that want to kill innocent families.

Title: Conclave
Tagline: What happens behind these walls will change everything.
Overview: After the unexpected death of the Pope, Cardinal Lawrence is tasked with managing the covert and ancient ritual of electing a new one. Sequestered in the Vatican with the Catholic Church’s most powerful leaders until the process is complete, Lawrence finds himself at the center of a conspiracy that could lead to its downfall.

Title: The Lord of the Rings: The War of the Rohirrim
Tagline: Hope has yet to abandon these lands.
Overview: A sudden attack by Wulf, a clever and traitorous lord of Rohan seeking vengeance for the death of his father, forces Helm Hammerhand, the King of Rohan, and his people to make a daring last stand in the ancient stronghold of the Hornburg.

Title: Absolution
Tagline: Everyone pays in the end.
Overview: An aging ex-boxer gangster working as muscle for a Boston crime boss receives an upsetting diagnosis.  Despite a faltering memory, he attempts to rectify the sins of his past and reconnect with his estranged children. He is determined to leave a positive legacy for his grandson, but the criminal underworld isn’t done with him and won’t loosen their grip willingly.

Title: Your Fault
Tagline: Divided by family. Driven by love.
Overview: The love between Noah and Nick seems unwavering despite their parents' attempts to separate them. But his job and her entry into college open up their lives to new relationships that will shake the foundations of both their relationship and the Leister family itself.

Title: Star Trek: Section 31
Tagline: To protect the light, they fight in shadow.
Overview: Emperor Philippa Georgiou joins a secret division of Starfleet tasked with protecting the United Federation of Planets and faces the sins of her past.

Title: Jugaremos en el bosque
Tagline: 
Overview: After the death of his son, Javier hopes that restoring his family's abandoned ranch will allow him and his wife Mariana, who attempted suicide, a new beginning, but his grandmother refuses.

Title: Dirty Angels
Tagline: Fight Your Way Out.
Overview: During the United States' 2021 withdrawal from Afghanistan, a group of female soldiers posing as medical relief are sent back in to rescue a group of kidnapped teenagers caught between ISIS and the Taliban.

Title: Heretic
Tagline: Question everything.
Overview: Two young missionaries are forced to prove their faith when they knock on the wrong door and are greeted by a diabolical Mr. Reed, becoming ensnared in his deadly game of cat-and-mouse.

Title: The Monkey
Tagline: Everybody dies. And that's fucked up.
Overview: When twin brothers find a mysterious wind-up monkey, a series of outrageous deaths tear their family apart. Twenty-five years later, the monkey begins a new killing spree forcing the estranged brothers to confront the cursed toy.

Title: Werewolves
Tagline: They will hunt you.
Overview: A year after a supermoon’s light activated a dormant gene, transforming humans into bloodthirsty werewolves and causing nearly a billion deaths, the nightmare resurfaces as the supermoon rises again. Two scientists attempt to stop the mutation but fail and must now struggle to reach one of their family homes.

Title: Bridget Jones: Mad About the Boy
Tagline: She's starting a new chapter. Just as she is.
Overview: Bridget Jones finally has some luck in her life; she has a great job as a screenwriter, her family and a new boyfriend; the fact that he's over twenty years her junior isn't the only thing causing problems.

Title: Interstellar
Tagline: Mankind was born on Earth. It was never meant to die here.
Overview: The adventures of a group of explorers who make use of a newly discovered wormhole to surpass the limitations on human space travel and conquer the vast distances involved in an interstellar voyage.

Title: Miraculous World, London: At the Edge of Time
Tagline: 
Overview: To save the future from a terrible fate, Marinette becomes Chronobug and teams up with Bunnyx to defeat a mysterious opponent who travels through time. Who is this new supervillain, and why are they obsessed with exposing Marinette's secret superhero identity? Marinette's only hope is to defeat her new opponent to prevent the end of Ladybug and time itself!

Title: Alien: Romulus
Tagline: In space, no one can hear you.
Overview: While scavenging the deep ends of a derelict space station, a group of young space colonizers come face to face with the most terrifying life form in the universe.

Title: Nickel Boys
Tagline: Don’t look back.
Overview: Chronicles the powerful friendship between two young Black teenagers navigating the harrowing trials of reform school together in Florida.

Title: Apocalypse Z: The Beginning of the End
Tagline: The beginning of the end has arrived.
Overview: When a kind of rabies that transforms people into aggressive creatures spreads across the planet, Manel isolates himself at home with his cat, relying on his wits to survive; but soon they must go out in search of food, by land and by sea, dodging many dangers.

Title: Bad Boys: Ride or Die
Tagline: Miami's finest are now its most wanted.
Overview: After their late former Captain is framed, Lowrey and Burnett try to clear his name, only to end up on the run themselves.

Title: Avengers: Infinity War
Tagline: Destiny arrives all the same
Overview: As the Avengers and their allies have continued to protect the world from threats too large for any one hero to handle, a new danger has emerged from the cosmic shadows: Thanos. A despot of intergalactic infamy, his goal is to collect all six Infinity Stones, artifacts of unimaginable power, and use them to inflict his twisted will on all of reality. Everything the Avengers have fought for has led up to this moment - the fate of Earth and existence itself has never been more uncertain.

Title: Azrael
Tagline: Many years after the rapture… Among the survivors, some are driven to renounce their sin of Speech.
Overview: In a world where no one speaks, a devout female hunts down a young woman who has escaped her imprisonment. Recaptured by its ruthless leaders, Azrael is due to be sacrificed to pacify an ancient evil deep within the surrounding wilderness.

Title: Smile 2
Tagline: It's the last thing you'll see.
Overview: About to embark on a new world tour, global pop sensation Skye Riley begins experiencing increasingly terrifying and inexplicable events. Overwhelmed by the escalating horrors and the pressures of fame, Skye is forced to face her dark past to regain control of her life before it spirals out of control.

Title: Terrifier 3
Tagline: Prepare to be terrified again.
Overview: Five years after surviving Art the Clown's Halloween massacre, Sienna and Jonathan are still struggling to rebuild their shattered lives. As the holiday season approaches, they try to embrace the Christmas spirit and leave the horrors of the past behind. But just when they think they're safe, Art returns, determined to turn their holiday cheer into a new nightmare. The festive season quickly unravels as Art unleashes his twisted brand of terror, proving that no holiday is safe.

Title: Ask Me What You Want
Tagline: 
Overview: After his father's death, Eric Zimmerman travels to Spain to oversee his company's branches. In Madrid, he falls for Judith and engage in an intense, erotic relationship full of exploration. However, Eric fears his secret may end their affair.

Title: The Witcher: Sirens of the Deep
Tagline: 
Overview: Geralt of Rivia, a mutated monster hunter, is hired to investigate a series of attacks in a seaside village and finds himself drawn into a centuries-old conflict between humans and merpeople. He must count on friends — old and new — to solve the mystery before the hostilities between the two kingdoms escalate into an all-out war.

Title: River of Blood
Tagline: 
Overview: Four kayakers take the wrong river into a jungle inhabited by a tribe of merciless cannibals.

Title: The Wailing
Tagline: 
Overview: Andrea, in search of her biological family, feels stalked by an invisible threat. Other women before them have suffered the same fate. Twenty years earlier, on the other side of the world, Camille, fascinated by Marie, tries to warn her of a threat hanging over her.

Title: Night Call
Tagline: Some doors should never be unlocked.
Overview: Mady, a student, works as a locksmith by night. He helps Claire get into her apartment and soon realizes that she lied to him about her identity and robbed something that belonged to a dangerous man, Yannick. Mady gets embroiled in a manhunt and will have one night to prove his innocence.

Title: Babygirl
Tagline: Get exactly what you want.
Overview: A high-powered CEO puts her career and family on the line when she begins a torrid affair with her much younger intern.

Title: Ne Zha 2
Tagline: 
Overview: After the Tribulation, although the souls of Ne Zha and Ao Bing were preserved, their physical bodies would soon be completely destroyed. Tai Yi Zhen Ren plans to use the Seven Colored Lotus to reshape their physical forms. But in the process of reshaping, they encounter numerous difficulties. Where will the fate of Ne Zha and Ao Bing go?

Title: Aftermath
Tagline: Survival is the only option.
Overview: A returning war veteran, stricken with PTSD, gets trapped with his teenage sister on Boston's Tobin Memorial Bridge when a heavily armed group of ex-military revolutionaries take everyone hostage.

Title: The Godfather
Tagline: An offer you can't refuse.
Overview: Spanning the years 1945 to 1955, a chronicle of the fictional Italian-American Corleone crime family. When organized crime family patriarch, Vito Corleone barely survives an attempt on his life, his youngest son, Michael steps in to take care of the would-be killers, launching a campaign of bloody revenge.

Title: Transformers One
Tagline: Witness the origin.
Overview: The untold origin story of Optimus Prime and Megatron, better known as sworn enemies, but once were friends bonded like brothers who changed the fate of Cybertron forever.

Title: Carry-On
Tagline: Every holiday season, millions travel safely by air. This Christmas will be different.
Overview: An airport security officer races to outsmart a mysterious traveler forcing him to let a dangerous item slip onto a Christmas Eve flight.

Title: Better Man
Tagline: Fame makes monkeys of us all.
Overview: Follow Robbie Williams' journey from childhood, to being the youngest member of chart-topping boyband Take That, through to his unparalleled achievements as a record-breaking solo artist – all the while confronting the challenges that stratospheric fame and success can bring.

Title: Mickey 17
Tagline: He's dying to save mankind.
Overview: Mickey Barnes, an “expendable” employee, is sent on a human expedition to colonize the ice world Niflheim. After one iteration dies, a new body is regenerated with most of his memories intact. With one regeneration, though, things go very wrong.

Title: The Chronicles of Narnia: The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe
Tagline: The beloved masterpiece comes to life.
Overview: Siblings Lucy, Edmund, Susan and Peter step through a magical wardrobe and find the land of Narnia. There, they discover a charming, once peaceful kingdom that has been plunged into eternal winter by the evil White Witch, Jadis. Aided by the wise and magnificent lion, Aslan, the children lead Narnia into a spectacular, climactic battle to be free of the Witch's glacial powers forever.

Title: Arcadian
Tagline: Family is stronger than fear.
Overview: In the near future, on a decimated Earth, Paul and his twin sons face terror at night when ferocious creatures awaken. When Paul is nearly killed, the boys come up with a plan for survival, using everything their father taught them to keep him alive.

Title: Dead Talents Society
Tagline: You know what's the best thing about being dead?
Overview: Follows ghosts who want to become the spookiest of urban legends and most successful and famous stars in the underworld through their scare tactics and performances amongst the living.

Title: The Dark Knight
Tagline: Welcome to a world without rules.
Overview: Batman raises the stakes in his war on crime. With the help of Lt. Jim Gordon and District Attorney Harvey Dent, Batman sets out to dismantle the remaining criminal organizations that plague the streets. The partnership proves to be effective, but they soon find themselves prey to a reign of chaos unleashed by a rising criminal mastermind known to the terrified citizens of Gotham as the Joker.

Title: Raiders of the Lost Ark
Tagline: If adventure has a name, it must be Indiana Jones!
Overview: When Dr. Indiana Jones – the tweed-suited professor who just happens to be a celebrated archaeologist – is hired by the government to locate the legendary Ark of the Covenant, he finds himself up against the entire Nazi regime.

Title: Skin. Like. Sun.
Tagline: 
Overview: Real-life young couple Wim and Floor spend an afternoon in the sunwashed rooms of a crumbling home in Belgium. In a unique twist, this artistic erotic documentary is edited in nearly real-time. In the slowness, we get the build, the sweetness, and the sexiness. Forget about fingersnapping fast editing. Slow is where it’s at.

Title: Chasing the Wind
Tagline: 
Overview: Two heirs of a company; Ege Yazici and Asli Mansoy are against each other about the future of the company. Asli is completely a city-girl while Ege belongs to Çesme. Will they realize how similar they are, despite all their differences?

Title: xXx
Tagline: A new breed of secret agent.
Overview: Xander Cage is your standard adrenaline junkie with no fear and a lousy attitude. When the US Government "recruits" him to go on a mission, he's not exactly thrilled. His mission: to gather information on an organization that may just be planning the destruction of the world, led by the nihilistic Yorgi.

Title: Fast X
Tagline: The end of the road begins.
Overview: Over many missions and against impossible odds, Dom Toretto and his family have outsmarted, out-nerved and outdriven every foe in their path. Now, they confront the most lethal opponent they've ever faced: A terrifying threat emerging from the shadows of the past who's fueled by blood revenge, and who is determined to shatter this family and destroy everything—and everyone—that Dom loves, forever.

Title: Kingdom IV: Return of the Great General
Tagline: 
Overview: Depicts a continuation of the "Battle of Mayang", an all-out war against the neighboring country Zhao that Shin and Wang Ki fought in in the previous work "Flame of Fate".

Title: Den of Thieves 2: Pantera
Tagline: The score isn't settled.
Overview: Big Nick is back on the hunt in Europe and closing in on Donnie, who is embroiled in the treacherous and unpredictable world of diamond thieves and the infamous Panther mafia, as they plot a massive heist of the world's largest diamond exchange.

Title: Dune: Part Two
Tagline: Long live the fighters.
Overview: Follow the mythic journey of Paul Atreides as he unites with Chani and the Fremen while on a path of revenge against the conspirators who destroyed his family. Facing a choice between the love of his life and the fate of the known universe, Paul endeavors to prevent a terrible future only he can foresee.

Title: Sex Game 6969
Tagline: 
Overview: Three married women had always been dissatisfied sexually with their husbands, and Hyoji, who recently divorced due to her husband's erectile dysfunction. They gathered after a long time and had a drink complaining to each other, and they received a business card from an unidentified handsome man, saying, "Don't you want to play tteok pounding game?" The four of them head to the meeting place and meet suspicious agents who were waiting for them.

Title: Sonic the Hedgehog 2
Tagline: Welcome to the next level.
Overview: After settling in Green Hills, Sonic is eager to prove he has what it takes to be a true hero. His test comes when Dr. Robotnik returns, this time with a new partner, Knuckles, in search for an emerald that has the power to destroy civilizations. Sonic teams up with his own sidekick, Tails, and together they embark on a globe-trotting journey to find the emerald before it falls into the wrong hands.

Title: Sidelined: The QB and Me
Tagline: Prepare to catch feelings.
Overview: Dallas, a burdened but headstrong dancer, is determined to get into the best dance school in the country—her late mother’s alma mater. However, that dream is suddenly derailed when the cheeky yet secretly grieving football star, Drayton, crashes into her life with a unique story of his own. Will the two of them be able to grow into their dreams together, or will their dreams be sidelined?

Title: The X-Treme Riders
Tagline: Faith or Revenge.
Overview: A fast-paced action drama about siblings desperately needing money for their mother's treatment. Then the brother, who is the stunt performer, inevitably needs to be involved with.

Title: Emilia Pérez
Tagline: Passion has a new name.
Overview: Rita, an underrated lawyer working for a large law firm more interested in getting criminals out of jail than bringing them to justice, is hired by the leader of a criminal organization.

Title: Wallace & Gromit: Vengeance Most Fowl
Tagline: New friends. Old enemies.
Overview: Gromit’s concern that Wallace is becoming too dependent on his inventions proves justified, when Wallace invents a “smart” gnome that seems to develop a mind of its own. When it emerges that a vengeful figure from the past might be masterminding things, it falls to Gromit to battle sinister forces and save his master… or Wallace may never be able to invent again!

Title: Henry Danger: The Movie
Tagline: Danger... Like you've never seen before.
Overview: Henry Hart meets a superfan—eager to fight crime with Kid Danger—who comes into possession of a device that can open up alternate realities. Facing a wild ride, Henry will need his best friend Jasper and his new superfan sidekick to find his way out or be stuck in another dimension forever.

Title: The Avengers
Tagline: Some assembly required.
Overview: When an unexpected enemy emerges and threatens global safety and security, Nick Fury, director of the international peacekeeping agency known as S.H.I.E.L.D., finds himself in need of a team to pull the world back from the brink of disaster. Spanning the globe, a daring recruitment effort begins!

Title: Shrek
Tagline: The greatest fairy tale never told.
Overview: It ain't easy bein' green -- especially if you're a likable (albeit smelly) ogre named Shrek. On a mission to retrieve a gorgeous princess from the clutches of a fire-breathing dragon, Shrek teams up with an unlikely compatriot -- a wisecracking donkey.

Title: My Hero Academia: You're Next
Tagline: Next up is you.
Overview: In a society devastated by the effects of an all-out war between heroes and villains, a mysterious giant fortress suddenly appears, engulfing towns and people one after another. Then, a man reminiscent of All Might, the 'symbol of peace', stands in front of Izuku and his friends...

Title: The Shawshank Redemption
Tagline: Fear can hold you prisoner. Hope can set you free.
Overview: Imprisoned in the 1940s for the double murder of his wife and her lover, upstanding banker Andy Dufresne begins a new life at the Shawshank prison, where he puts his accounting skills to work for an amoral warden. During his long stretch in prison, Dufresne comes to be admired by the other inmates -- including an older prisoner named Red -- for his integrity and unquenchable sense of hope.

Title: This Time Next Year
Tagline: It's a love-fate relationship.
Overview: Minnie and Quinn were both born in London on New Year’s Day, in the same hospital, one minute apart. Thirty years later — and very different people — they find themselves thrown together again in the same city on New Year’s Eve.

Title: Kung Fu Panda 4
Tagline: 
Overview: Po is gearing up to become the spiritual leader of his Valley of Peace, but also needs someone to take his place as Dragon Warrior. As such, he will train a new kung fu practitioner for the spot and will encounter a villain called the Chameleon who conjures villains from the past.

Title: Bagman
Tagline: He's always closer than you think.
Overview: For centuries and across cultures, parents have warned their children of the legendary Bagman, who snatches innocent children and stuffs them into his vile, rotting bag—never to be seen again. Patrick McKee narrowly escaped such an encounter as a boy, which left him with lasting scars throughout his adulthood. Now, Patrick’s childhood tormentor has returned, threatening the safety of his wife Karina and son Jake.

